Change the TYPO3 Fluid Version example (#145)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-SitePackage: Documentation/MinimalExample/Index.rst

TypoScript. The TYPO3 renderer still requires a TypoScript template on the
:guilabel:`Minimal design` page to know which file to process.

.. caution::

>    Putting your template files into the `fileadmin` folder is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Although used in this minimal example, putting template files in the `fileadmin` folder is not recommended.
```
